---
layout: post
title: "Broken Phone... yay?"
published: true
---


_I got rid of most of my books and now I'm actually reading again__.  A lot of minimalists seem to have this experience. And I'm _finishing_ books, which was even more rare for me. Yesterday I finished ["Everything That Remains"](http://www.theminimalists.com/etr/); it was as good as I expected and I highly recommend it.

__Also yesterday, my mobile phone got borked, probably beyond repair. And honestly, I'm kind of glad.__
I could spend who-knows-how-many-hours trying to fix it (it's rooted, has a custom ROM, so any number of things could be messed up) and get really frustrated. Instead, as of right now I have no desire to fix it or replace it with something else. There _are_ apps I will miss using: Insight Timer for meditation, Signal for encrypted texts, and the camera app for taking blurry photos of my dogs. Oh, and the alarm clock, I'll definitely have to replace that with something. But that's about it. I'm not a big phone person anyway, so I hardly used it for its primary purpose. I think the malfunction timing was perfect.

__I'm noticing more effects that I think are a result of (or at least influenced by) my minimalist pursuits.__
- I made a very ambitious To Do list for the weekend and got the entire thing done.
- I'm not interested in TV much anymore. There are certain shows I will continue to watch, but it will be a very intentional thing, not something to pass time or escape from life.
- If I'm bored, I work on my To Do list, write, or work on random house projects.
- I feel a stronger desire to write/blog regularly again.
- I'm more present in general.
- I'm less stressed (my baseline stress level is normally in the anxiety range).
- If my wife and I _are_ watching something on TV and she has to pause it for some reason, instead of instinctively grabbing my phone and randomly consuming something from it, I just sit there and do nothing instead.

Instead of wasting time and attention on mindless consumption of the Internet, my brain has been busy brainstorming new ideas, new ambitions, new things I want to try. And I'm loving it. :)
